here are this week's taught me as a
circle we can finally realize our
potential a young woman becomes
embroiled in a tech company's privacy
invading experiments in the circle does
this really seem okay to you I knew how
to work it than anyone in how to be a
Latin Lover an ageing lothario learns
the real meaning of family
everyone have a I'm just a woman's my I
this guy right what she makes a holly
you can grab it having a street magician
uses every trick up his sleeve to find
his kidnapped sister in flight these
barriers only existed let's see what's
hot in theaters with this week's
anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]